.TH DEBIFY "1" "April 2010" "3\.3" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
debify \- build a package in multiple pbuilders
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B debify [\fIoptions\fB] \fIaction\fB [\fIpackages\fB]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This program will build and possibly upload a debian package stored under
a directory named after the package.
.PP
The corresponding orig tarballs should reside in an origs directory beside
the package. If the orig tarball is not found, apt\-get source is used
to find it. 3.0 (quilt)\-style multiple components are supported.
.PP
\fIpackage\fR is really the name of an unpacked debian source, plus
VCS information. \fIpackage\fR can be omitted if called from inside the source
directory. If \fIpackage\fR is \fIall\fR, all possible directories are tried.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-help|\-h\fR
This help text
.TP
\fB\-\-32|\-3|\-32|\-i|\-\-i386\fR
First compilation for i386 arch
.TP
\fB\-\-64|\-6|\-64|\-a|\-\-amd64\fR
First compilation for amd64 arch
.TP
\fB\-\-clean|\-c\fR
Clean after build
.TP
\fB\-\-delete|\-d\fR
Delete source files (only with clean/purge)
.TP
\fB\-\-quiet|\-q\fR
Remove normal output (only log lines and signing info)
.TP
\fB\-\-source|\-s\fR
Force source inclusion in the source package
.TP
\fB\-\-new\-source|\-n\fR
Force generation of new upstream source
.TP
\fB\-\-keep|\-k\fR
Keep former results, recompile only for new arches
.TP
\fB\-\-recompile|\-r\fR
Purge former results before starting (obsolete)
.TP
\fB\-\-unpack|\-u\fR
Force extraction of upstream source
.TP
\fB\-\-really\-yes|\-yy\fR
Do not ask whether to upload (for upload action)
.TP
\fB\-\-yes|\-y\fR
Default answer to upload is yes instead of no
.TP
\fB\-\-lintian|\-l\fR \fIlintian options\fR
pass to the lintian call
.PP
Option \fBunpack\fR will work only for 3.0 format, and only if quilt is
installed. Components are not supported (yet). Unpacking is automatic if
only a debian dir is present and format is 3.0 (quilt).
.PP
Option \fBdelete\fR will work only for 3.0 format. It will keep the debian
and subversion directories only.
.PP
Option \fBsource\fR will be needed if you are uploading this tarball for the
first time to a mirror, and that this is not the first Debian revision.
This can happen if you deleted the tarball from the repository, or if you
use a new (different) repository.
.PP
Option \fBnew\-source\fR will be needed if you are releasing a new tarball.
Debify will simply tar everything outside of the debian directory, the
.pc directory (used by the 3.0 (quilt) format) and the usual VCS
directories (.svn, .git). This may not be enough; the package's mechanisms
such as \fImake dist\fR may be better suited for this. Especially, it will
not unapply any quilt patches.
.SH ACTIONS
.TP
\fBinfo\fR
Display information about the packages
.TP
\fBorig\fR
Retrieve the orig file and store a copy in origs/
.TP
\fBsource\fR
build and check source package
.TP
\fBbuild\fR
build and check package on one arch
.TP
\fBall|allbuild\fR
build and check package on all arches
.TP
\fBup|upload\fR
build, check and upload packages on all arches
.TP
\fBclean\fR
Clean orig and dsc files (all versions)
.TP
\fBpurge\fR
Clean all files (results, logs, orig, dsc) for all versions
.PP
All actions include the actions above, except for clean and purge.
.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
.TP
\fBLINTIAN_OPTIONS\fR \fI(def. \-I)\fR
passed to lintian; overridden by \-l option
.TP
\fBBUILD_OPTIONS\fR
passed to pbuilder
.TP
\fBDPUT_OPTIONS\fR
passed to dput
.TP
\fBGPGAGENT\fR
overrides the gpg\-agent executable
.PP
Many other environment variables will have effect on this program.
.SH AUTHORS
Written by Jean-Christophe Dubacq
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR "pbuilder-createall" "(1), "
.BR "pbuilder-module" "(1), "
.BR "pbuilder-setup" "(1), "
.BR "pbuilder-updateall" "(1), "
.BR "spbuilder" "(1), "
.BR "uploadchangestool" "(1)"
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2010 Jean-Christophe Dubacq.
.PP
BSD License.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
