.TH PBUILDER-SETUP "1" "April 2010" "3\.3" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
pbuilder-setup \- creates a setup for multiple pbuilders
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pbuilder-setup [\fI--help\fB]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
pbuilder\-setup asks simple questions and sets up a sample \fBpbuilderrc\fR
usable with spbuilder and debify.
.SH DEFAULT ARCHITECTURE
.TP
\fBi386|i486|k6|k7|i686\fR
support for i386 only
.TP
\fBx86_64\fR
support for amd64 and i386
.PP
This value can be seen by invoking \fIuname \-m\fR.
Remember that to work correctly in dual amd64/i386 mode, your kernel
has to be in amd64 mode (even if all other tools are i386).
.PP
In case your architecture supports several architectures, do not
mention these when listing the various distributions you want if you
choose to support several of these: they will be automatically added
for you.
.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
.TP
\fBBASEDIST\fR
Base distribution. Can be an alias.
.TP
\fBDIST\fR
Points to a specific combination distribution/arch/backport
.TP
\fBARCH\fR
The arch part of the chroot
.TP
\fBBACKPORTS\fR
Non\-empty for a backport\-enabled distribution
.PP
These environment variables are combined by the generated \fIpbuilderrc\fR,
and modified so that \fBDIST\fR contains all the necessary information and
\fBBACKPORTS\fR, \fBBASEDIST\fR and \fBARCH\fR reflect the correct values.
\fBDIST\fR will accept the value \fIdistribution\fR[\-\fIarch\fR][\-backports]. In
case of conflict: ARCH and BASEDIST take precedence (always); BACKPORTS
always adds the BACKPORTS part if the BASEDIST/DIST item point to a
backported distribution. Thus, one can either use
DIST=lenny\-i386\-backports or
DIST=lenny ARCH=i386 BACKPORTS=1 or
DIST=lenny\-backports ARCH=i386 to point to the same environment.
If \fBARCH\fR is omitted, the default \fBARCH\fR is used (the build arch of
\fIdpkg\-architecture\fR).
.SH FILES
.TP
\fB$HOME/.pbuilderrc\fR
Created/modified by pbuilder\-setup.
.PP
Old file is kept on reruns. Values defined in it are used as defaults.
.SH AUTHORS
Written by Jean-Christophe Dubacq
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR "debify" "(1), "
.BR "dpkg-architecture" "(1), "
.BR "pbuilder" "(8), "
.BR "pbuilder-createall" "(1), "
.BR "pbuilder-module" "(1), "
.BR "pbuilder-updateall" "(1), "
.BR "spbuilder" "(1), "
.BR "uploadchangestool" "(1)"
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2010 Jean-Christophe Dubacq.
.PP
BSD License.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
