.TH PBUILDER-MODULE "1" "April 2010" "" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
pbuilder-module \- build multiple kernel modules in a chroot
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pbuilder-module [\fIoptions\fB]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This  program  will build modules using the module\-assistant package in
various chroots, thus allowing automatic  construction  of  out\-of\-tree
kernel  modules  for  multiple  (including old and no more available in
debian archives) kernels.
.PP
The program will maintain a local repository of debian packages of
kernel\-headers and build environment sufficient to build the kernel
modules (e.g. nvidia kernel modules). Since it uses chroots, it can
compile for a collection of kernels in amd64 or i386 arches.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-help|\-h\fR
This help text
.TP
\fB\-\-add|\-a\fR \fIkern=vers=arch\fR
Enlist \fIkern\fR/\fIvers\fR/\fIarch\fR in candidates
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-auto|\-n\fR
Do not enlist installed kernels and kernel headers 
.TP
\fB\-\-clean|\-c\fR
Clean for all arches
.TP
\fB\-\-clean\-arch|\-ca\fR
Clean for default host arch
.TP
\fB\-\-clean\-places|\-cp\fR
Clean those places
.TP
\fB\-\-clean\-other\-arch|\-co\fR \fIarch\fR
Clean for arch \fIarch\fR
.TP
\fB\-\-download\-only|\-d\fR
Stop after downloading
.TP
\fB\-\-list\-targets|\-l\fR
Download, list available targets, stop
.TP
\fB\-\-purge\fR
Remove all current and old files; no backup!
.TP
\fB\-\-quiet|\-q\fR
Be silent
.TP
\fB\-\-module|\-m\fR \fIkernelmodule\fR
Set module to be \fIkernelmodule\fR
.TP
\fB\-\-version|\-v\fR \fIvers\fR
Compile for module version \fIvers\fR
.PP
A package specification is of the form someversion=debian\-version=arch.
For example: 2.6.24\-1\-686\-bigmem=2.6.24\-5=i386
.SH KNOWN KERNEL MODULES
.TP
\fBnvidia\fR
NVIDIA graphics driver
.TP
\fBnvidia173\fR
NVIDIA legacy graphics driver (173xx)
.TP
\fBvirtualbox\fR
x86 virtualization solution
.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
.TP
\fBARCH|BASEDIST|BACKPORTS|DIST\fR
The distribution
.TP
\fBMADEST\fR \fI(default ~/pbuilder/m\-a)\fR
Storage place for the repository
.TP
\fBMODULE\fR \fI(default nvidia)\fR
Module (as in \-m) 
.TP
\fBSNAPSHOTSITE\fR \fI(default http://snapshot\-dev.debian.org)\fR
Snapshot archive URL
.PP
Any  deb  put  in  $MADEST/debs will be available to the
compilation environment.
.PP
Currently,  the  module nvidia is default. Something else should be put
there.
.SH FILES
.TP
\fB$MADEST/results\fR
Generated deb and changes files. Will persist after a standard clean. Not split among various architectures.
.TP
\fB$MADEST/new\fR
Generated deb files.
.TP
\fB$MADEST/debs\fR
Archive of kernel headers packages.
.TP
\fB$MADEST/graveyard\fR
Deleted files from the debs section. Will persist after a standard clean.
.TP
\fB$MADEST/cache\fR
Various cache files, useful for debugging. Not split among various architectures.
.PP
Unless told otherwise, all these directories are split among the  various
architectures and will be deleted by invoking a standard clean.
.SH AUTHORS
Written by Jean-Christophe Dubacq
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR "debify" "(1), "
.BR "pbuilder-createall" "(1), "
.BR "pbuilder-setup" "(1), "
.BR "pbuilder-updateall" "(1), "
.BR "spbuilder" "(1), "
.BR "uploadchangestool" "(1)"
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2010 Jean-Christophe Dubacq.
.PP
BSD License.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
