.TH UPLOADCHANGESTOOL "1" "April 2010" "3\.3" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
uploadchangestool \- upload debian packages not already uploaded
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B uploadchangestool [\fIoptions\fB] \fIpackage\fB [\fIpackages\fB]
.SH DESCRIPTION
uploadchangestool  uses  the  environment  variable POOLURL and DIST to
check whether packages already exist in the pool designated by POOLURL.
If they do not, it creates a fake .changes file and uses dput to upload
it.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-inplace|\-i\fR
Use current directory and links, not copies in /tmp
.TP
\fB\-\-pool|\-p\fR \fIpool\fR
Check packages against this debian repository
.TP
\fB\-\-dist|\-d\fR \fIdist\fR
Make uploads to this distribution
.TP
\fB\-\-no|\-n\fR
Assume default answer is no for uploads
.TP
\fB\-\-yes|\-y\fR
Assume default answer is yes, do not ask
.TP
\fB\-\-quiet|\-q\fR
Be more quiet
.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
.TP
\fBPOOLURL\fR
Check this repository for the presence of packages (as in \-p)
.TP
\fBDIST\fR
Distribution (as in \-d; default is read from ~/.pbuilderrc)
.PP
Many other environment variables will have effect on this program.
.SH FILES
.TP
\fB$HOME/.pbuilderrc\fR
Created/modified by pbuilder\-setup. Read if DIST is not set.
.SH AUTHORS
Written by Jean-Christophe Dubacq
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR "debify" "(1), "
.BR "pbuilder-createall" "(1), "
.BR "pbuilder-module" "(1), "
.BR "pbuilder-setup" "(1), "
.BR "pbuilder-updateall" "(1), "
.BR "spbuilder" "(1)"
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2010 Jean-Christophe Dubacq.
.PP
BSD License.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
